Alderaan? I am not going to Alderaan. I have got to go home. It is late, I am in
for it as it is. You are all clear, kid. Let us blow this thing and go home! I
find your lack of faith disturbing. Your eyes can deceive you. Do not trust
them.

You mean it controls your actions? You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and
a traitor! Take her away! I care. So, what do you think of her, Han? You
do not believe in the Force, do you?

ObiWan is here. The Force is with him. A tremor in the Force. The last time
I felt it was in the presence of my old master. In my experience, there is
no such thing as luck. But with the blast shield down, I cannot even see! How
am I supposed to fight?

I call it luck. I am trying not to, kid. Look, I am not in this for your
revolution, and I am not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid.
I am in it for the money. In my experience, there is no such thing as luck.

Partially, but it also obeys your commands. You do not believe in the Force,
do you? Do not act so surprised, Your Highness. You were not on any mercy
mission this time. Several transmissions were beamed to this ship by Rebel
spies. I want to know what happened to the plans they sent you.

A tremor in the Force. The last time I felt it was in the presence of my old
master. Alderaan? I am not going to Alderaan. I have got to go home. It is late,
I am in for it as it is. I have traced the Rebel spies to her. Now she is my
only link to finding their secret base.

Oh God, my uncle. How am I ever gonna explain this? As you wish. She must
have hidden the plans in the escape pod. Send a detachment down to retrieve
them, and see to it personally, Commander. There will be no one to stop us
this time!

All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that is what you are best
at, is it not? I need your help, Luke. She needs your help. I am getting too
old for this sort of thing. I do not know what you are talking about. I am a
member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan.

Your eyes can deceive you. Do not trust them. Kid, I have flown from one side
of this galaxy to the other. I have seen a lot of strange stuff, but I have
never seen anything to make me believe there is one allpowerful Force
controlling everything. There is no mystical energy field that controls my
destiny. It is all a lot of simple tricks and nonsense.

Escape is not his plan. I must face him, alone. Look, I am not in this for
your revolution, and I am not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well
paid. I am in it for the money. He is here. I find your lack of faith
disturbing.

As you wish. Look, I can take you as far as Anchorhead. You can get a
transport there to Mos Eisley or wherever you are going. Do not underestimate
the Force. I need your help, Luke. She needs your help. I am getting too old
for this sort of thing.

I suggest you try it again, Luke. This time, let go your conscious self and
act on instinct. I find your lack of faith disturbing. I cannot get involved!
I have got work to do! It is not that I like the Empire, I hate it, but there is
nothing I can do about it right now. It is such a long way from here.

Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your
side, kid. I find your lack of faith disturbing. You mean it controls your
actions? You are all clear, kid. Let us blow this thing and go home!

Partially, but it also obeys your commands. He is here. She must have hidden
the plans in the escape pod. Send a detachment down to retrieve them, and
see to it personally, Commander. There will be no one to stop us this time!

What!? Still, she has got a lot of spirit. I do not know, what do you think?
Still, she has got a lot of spirit. I do not know, what do you think? In my
experience, there is no such thing as luck.

You do not believe in the Force, do you? Do not act so surprised, Your
Highness. You were not on any mercy mission this time. Several transmissions
were beamed to this ship by Rebel spies. I want to know what happened to the
plans they sent you.

You mean it controls your actions? All right. Well, take care of yourself,
Han. I guess that is what you are best at, is it not? He is here. Dantooine.
They are on Dantooine.

She must have hidden the plans in the escape pod. Send a detachment down to
retrieve them, and see to it personally, Commander. There will be no one to
stop us this time! Look, I am not in this for your revolution, and I am not in
it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I am in it for the money.

She must have hidden the plans in the escape pod. Send a detachment down to
retrieve them, and see to it personally, Commander. There will be no one to
stop us this time! I need your help, Luke. She needs your help. I am getting
too old for this sort of thing.

I want to come with you to Alderaan. There is nothing for me here now. I want
to learn the ways of the Force and be a Jedi, like my father before me.
Alderaan? I am not going to Alderaan. I have got to go home. It is late, I am in
for it as it is.
